README.md, before:

# Sunny's Notes

## Summary

This repository contains all of the notes taken by [Sunny](https://github.com/snguyenbui) for the [Lighthouse Labs](https://www.lighthouselabs.ca/) Web Development Bootcamp.

## Table of Contents

* [Week 1](/Week_1)
  * [Day 1](/Week_1/Day_1)

## Markdown notes

# This is an H1 header (largest)
###### This is an H6 header (smallest)

how fast does this preview update? its looks to be about a few times a second

> boxes are created with a single arrow ( e.g > )

``` shell 
Dark boxes for commands created with ``` [code type e.g javascript, shell, etc.] followed by text on the next line and closed with ``` on a new line after said text. 
```

---
--- Three dashes to create a line for separation, an empty line below the next to create this effect and three dashes again on the next line

---

---
This is what happens when the blank line is omitted. Text is made to the size of a header
---

* "*" creates unordered bullets - similar to u1 HTML tag
1. Works like it seems
2. and so on
3. and so forth
5. seems to ignore the number before it and automatically keep it numbered properly (this line was created with 5. instead of 4.)

relative links work via github by just putting the path instead of a full URL

Commit message:

Added link to Markdown cheatsheet

README.md, after:

# Sunny's Notes

## Summary

This repository contains all of the notes taken by [Sunny](https://github.com/snguyenbui) for the [Lighthouse Labs](https://www.lighthouselabs.ca/) Web Development Bootcamp.

## Table of Contents

* [Week 1](/Week_1)
  * [Day 1](/Week_1/Day_1)

## Markdown notes

[This is quick cheatsheet for future reference on Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) 

Below are my own notes

# This is an H1 header (largest)
###### This is an H6 header (smallest)

how fast does this preview update? its looks to be about a few times a second

> boxes are created with a single arrow ( e.g > )

``` shell 
Dark boxes for commands created with ``` [code type e.g javascript, shell, etc.] followed by text on the next line and closed with ``` on a new line after said text. 
```

---
--- Three dashes to create a line for separation, an empty line below the next to create this effect and three dashes again on the next line

---

---
This is what happens when the blank line is omitted. Text is made to the size of a header
---

* "*" creates unordered bullets - similar to u1 HTML tag
1. Works like it seems
2. and so on
3. and so forth
5. seems to ignore the number before it and automatically keep it numbered properly (this line was created with 5. instead of 4.)

relative links work via github by just putting the path instead of a full URL
